Mini task 1:

Write a program that prompts the user to enter a number representing degrees Celsius and which prints out the Fahrenheit equivalent.
e.g.
What is the temperature in Celsius? 27
That is 80 degrees Fahrenheit



Mini task 2:

Write a program that prompts the user to enter two numbers. Then print out the sum, difference, multiple, div and mod of the two numbers
e.g.
Please enter a number: 2
Please enter another number: 5
First + Second = 7
First – Second = -3
First * Second = 10
First div Second = 0
First mod Second = 2

Mini task 3:

Prompt the user to enter four numbers.
Print out a statement saying if the multiple of the first two numbers is greater, less than or equal to the multiple of the second two numbers.


Mini task 4:

Prompt the user to enter two numbers.
Print out a statement correctly stating if the first number is divisible (without remainder) by the second number or not.

Mini task 5: Diving Scores

In diving competitions five judges score each dive. The official score is the average of the tree middle scores. i.e. the highest and the lowest scores are ignored or discarded, and he average of the three remaining scores is the official score given to the dive.
Write a program to calculate the official score for a dive:
Prompt the user to enter 5 integers between 0 and 10. (these are the scores five judges have given to a dive)
Calculate and print out the dives official score


Mini task 6: Catch the Bus?

Write a program to tell the user which method of transport they should use.
If it is raining then they should take a bus.
If it is not raining the right method of transport depends upon the distance they are going to travel.
They should walk if they are traveling less than 2 km.
They should ride a bike if they are travelling between 2 and 10 kilometres (inclusive).
They should catch a bus if they are traveling more than 10 kilometres.
Prompt the user to enter a number: 1 if it is raining or 0 if it is not raining.
If required prompt the user to enter the number of kilometres they are going to travel.
Print a statement saying whether they should ride a bike or catch a bus.

Mini task 7:
Not George:
Your computer likes everyone except George and Lazlow. Write a program that asks people to enter their name, if they enter George the computer responds ‘I do not like you’ if they enter Lazlow the computer responds ‘I think I hear my mother calling’ and if the user enters anything else then the computer reponds ‘Hello <name>’ where <name> is the name the user typed in.



Mini task 8:
Write a program that calculates the cost of tiling a wall.

Tiles come in three grades A, B and C. A grade tiles cost $42 per square meter. B grade tiles cost $32 per square meter. C grade tiles cost $24 per square meter.

If the purchaser wants the tiles delivered it costs $75 =for delivery if the delivery distance is 5km or less and $125 is the delivery distance is greater then 5km.

Write a program that asks the user for quality of tile they are ordering (char) the length and height of the wall they wish to tile (float). Asks the user if they want delivery (accepting ‘YES’ or ‘yes’ as positive answers and anything else as a negative), and if they do want delivery then asking them the delivery distance.

Given this input your program should print out the correct price of the tile order.

Mini task 9:
Sum and average of sequence of numbers:
Write a program that allows the user to input a (unlimited) sequence of numbers. (i.e. the user can input 1, 5 or 2000 numbers). To indicate the end of the sequence the user will input the number 0. Once the user has entered the sequence your program is to print out the sum and the average of all the numbers entered (not including the 0).

Mini task 10:
Fibonacci sequence:
The first two numbers in the Fibonacci sequence are 0 and 1, each subsequent number in the sequence is equal to the sum of the two immediately preceding numbers. Write a program that asks the user to input a number and then prints out numbers in the fibonnacci sequence until it reaches a number larger than the users input.

Mini task 11:
Prompt the user to enter a string. Output the number of vowels contained in the string. Vowels can be either upper or lower case.

Mini task 12:
Prompt the user to input a string. Construct another string which is the reverse of the string the user entered and then print that string to the screen. (i.e. if the user types ‘hello’ your program should make a reversed copy and output ‘olleh’). Hint you will probably need to use reverse := reverse + ??????

Mini Task 13:
Read in ten integers from the user into an array.
Find and print out the three largest even numbers in the array.

Mini task 14:
Take two string inputs from the user.
Output 'Yes' if the first string is contained somewhere in the second string - output 'No' otherwise.